feat(xo-server/vif.set): don't save allowed IPs when changing VIF network (#5358)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

> Users must be able to say: “I had this issue, happy to know it's fixed”

- [Remotes/NFS] Only mount with `vers=3` when no other options [#4940](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/issues/4940) (PR [#5354](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5354))

> - [VM/network] Don't save the allowed IPs when changing the VIF's network (PR [#5358](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5358))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [VM/network] Remove the allowed IPs from the VIF when changing the VIF's network (PR [#5358](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5358))
```

> - [VM/network] Don't save the allowed IPs when changing the VIF's network (PR [#5358](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/5358))

Reviewer: I don't think it's a bug fix.
